MTM-48016 add information about the restrictions on application-key (#601)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/application-configuration-bundle/application-options.md

c8ycli build --app.contextPath=cockpit2 --app.dynamicOptionsUrl="/apps/public/public-options/options.json"
```

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

> `key` property must match the *application key* defined for application during creation, otherwise the user will not be able to authenticate using web application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `key` property must match the application key specified for the application during creation, otherwise you will not be able to authenticate for using the web application.
```
